(10:10:01) kc: i think you are going to be better off if you
minimize focus on the acryonyms (who's listening to feedback from
whom) and stay obsessively focused on (1) technology evalution
(2) deployment constraints (3) scalability/complexity evaluation.
if i were advising you (oh look, i am), i would encourage you to
ditch the IAB label completely (might be too late for this now)
and go at it from the angle that you (dmm) are writing up a
followon to your complexity RFC in light of recent factors (IMS,
IPv6, DNSSEC, SBGP), and you need real operational feedback from
providers on -- not necessarily what decisions they're going to
make this decade, but -- *how* they're going to make decisions
about deploying new technology.  you (dmm) know much of this from
sprint days, but you're trying to write a neutral RFC that
captures much of the industry's concerns and current m.o.   


(10:25:28) kc: going to leave or will type more.  but (1) do not
underestimate the value of dmm's name, it's got more credibility
right now than iab's name but i've watched such things change
fast.  protect your most valuable asset.  (2) focus on extracting
knowledge from the politics, not the other way around.  the
politics, at the moment, are much bigger than what you can move.
the knowledge, otoh, desperately needs crisp articulation in ways
that humans (like our parents and children) can understand. stay
focused on (a) what we know (b) what we can know (if we put some
effort into it)  (c) what we can't know, and how we can prepare
for multiple scenarios in face of uncertainty, which always
exists. 
(10:26:12) kc: hug/bye 






